Add Loki Promtail (#688)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: infrastructure/monitoring/loki/datasheet-loki.md

# Datasheet

LogQL uses labels and operators for filtering the query. The query is composed of:

> - a log stream selector {container="query-frontend",namespace="loki-dev"}  which targets the query-frontend container in the loki-dev namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a log stream selector (e.g., `{container="query-frontend",namespace="loki-dev"}`, which targets the `query-frontend` container in the `loki-dev` namespace).
```

> - a log pipeline |= "metrics.go" | logfmt | duration > 10s and throughput_mb < 500 which will filter out log that contains the word metrics.go, then parses each log line to extract more labels and filter with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a log pipeline (e.g., `|= "metrics.go" | logfmt | duration > 10s and throughput_mb < 500`, which filters out the logs that contain the word `metrics.go`, then parses each log line to extract more labels and filters the stream through them).
```
